bpo-45325: Add a new 'p' parameter to Py_BuildValue to convert an integer into a Python bool (#28634)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.11.rst

* Add a new :c:func:`PyType_GetQualName` function to get type's qualified name.
  (Contributed by Hai Shi in :issue:`42035`.)

> * Add a new ``p`` format parameter to :c:func:`Py_BuildValue` that allows to

Reviewer: ```Add support of the ``p`` format unit in ...```

Author: ```suggestion
* Add support for a new ``p`` format unit in :c:func:`Py_BuildValue` that allows to
```
